modellbau king.de today donor not the
bubble roads a climate swimming
swim for this green monster
timely creates creates a
2.4 gigahertz speed floor is mine
ripping speed it's doubted centimeters
long rear propeller
otherwise you do not need one
Land does not make any sense either
fun but here adjustable track stood
so that was just falling in the water
also just and that starts just normal
rudder
we have a small table doing a
exhibitor beautiful in the shelf
can a stowage is doing this
lipo battery with 2002 milliampere otherwise
we still have a replacement mother remains
while a rotor blade to score a goal
apella still two inbus keys to
attach the playpen or even to the
attach the track I always saw
to know we are real now
loose so the choice we have one
open small screw or calories
can even peek moussa camara was
a bit closer I stop
a bit okan there could be one
see a little bit
we have the porsches motor third
with its own cooling and then behind the
balls to the propeller here a page
We have the receiver in it and you
can see bad now I 'll go get it
out only climbed on the but the
Regulator in who is also water cooled
as you can see the back side is good
the one velcro band you have to do a bit
shove
then he just gets chained like that
then he just has a little one left
holder for the holder a
Collar with Velcro for the battery can
you then just put it in purely
Climbing rose through the area
otherwise there is still a very well inside
otherwise you do not need a brother
More stuff to say we pack the things
was nice one on and off switch is
it has not been wrong
take out acquired on and off switch
is not there the war contact if
you just put it together
can do a dry exercise
now he has heard contact also
How many great brands do this
Let 's just give it a go
switch on we have the light
Illuminate the oar on moves
sometimes dry exercise with the
propeller it but about quarter gas
I can not call that writes
whole thing to move on and how
that on the water i show you
I have to do it for you first
reassemble
Cover on the back of the screw with it
the lid also stays nice then go
Let's have it as water and show you
how the thing looks on the water
the sequence man heavy game with you
now
so again and again says after the
water industry clean again dare
put down or body that too great
post them on shelf looks great
I need 25 centimeters of space
I think also said that before
otherwise you can also have a safe on
flow does not matter
in the bathtub one called just a lot
place but everywhere else where water
Can you find the thing very well even
water gear makes a lot of fun and fun
straight at the speed
that really lures me what I have to tell you
I like to do it again and again
unfortunately battery empty faster
I just say where does he get the hottest
boats parade login